But the first practice I'm going to show you, we'll learn it on the seventh day.
We're going to do a CV4.
So that means we're going to do a ventricular compression of the fourth ventricle
because we are actually connected to Mangadi.
Mangadi is the great explorer of all the extra-encephalic space. That is to say, you have a connection at the level of your fourth ventricle with the choroid plexuses that are located at the level of the ventricles, for the production of your cerebrospinal fluid, and so you have at some point the space here behind, where you have this opening between the intra-encephalic fluid compartment, fourth ventricle, third ventricle, the eyes and the processes of the lateral ventricles towards the fourth ventricle, which gives a small hole that we call the foramen of Magendie. You imagine, here, I am inside the fluid. And there, I arrive, and here, there is a hole. Well, there, I can get out. And I enter the extra-encephalic compartment. There is fluid here too. You are the brain, not really. You see? And so, it's a balance between this intra- and extra-encephalic. And so, the eye, it's a balance between the environment, intra and exterior of yourself. And so, we are going to seek this state of balance through a CV4, a compression of the fourth ventricle, until at some point, there is a release for... And there, you would have to be very attentive to do an EV4, an expansion of the fourth ventricle towards my B zone to fill the space around. It's a practice on its very first levels of concentration. Because what's important is to see the eye as a liquid. You will adjust together. And this compression, at some point, you will have to do it for at least 7 minutes. Until that moment, there is this inhalation phase. The body, it will come out. And it will have this expansion. And in this expansion, I propose to you to expand it throughout the B zone. So, in the space around. You have to have a bit of neutrality. So, don't try to do it well, so to speak. If you want to start doing it well, already, you put yourself in your egoistic competition. It's useless, it's just. Try to be neutral and let go a little bit. It can go quite fast, this notion of space around us, and this notion of taking the person until they have their neutral. Because it is the meeting of the two neutrals that creates a healing space. Doctor Jealous, an American who still knew a little bit about the ancestors, had to treat Becker. And so he arrives for Becker and he starts to treat, and then after that, a minute, Becker says "But what do you want?" you do, nothing is happening there, he tells me but I am treating you. And in fact, that's where Djalo says to himself, I understood that there, in fact, the treatment in fact began when I finished. And so we go too fast. Let the process take its time to settle, let the room settle, let the neutrality take its time. Often, in fact, the true biodynamic therapeutic process begins in fact when you have finished your treatment. It's a grip where we take like that, so you have to visualize this CV4, it's behind the cerebellum, so I put myself at the level of just below the space at the level of Ignon like this, it's a hand. So what I like is to see here, sometimes some people come to compress completely the carotid arteries, be careful, all of a sudden if they become all blue, we stop. So do not compress the carotid arteries, so the thumbs are slightly loose and I must try that I myself am in a good position. So if I'm a bit like that, I'm implying another force, you see, you feel, if I put myself like this, there. And in fact, a V4 fire, it's something that is worked with your whole body. It's not just my hands like that. I position myself well, I have a good fulcrum here. And I will seek with my own center of gravity, the good position. And when I go, look, I'm just going to go back. Look what will be involved at the level of my hands, you feel. And so I have to find a balance between front, back, left, right, and I really have to find my own center of gravity. And so it's first a CV4, that's it, a CV4 like that. So it's a compression. So the difference between a compression, there I compress, and there I change. And so I have to try to find that right balance point. with my own body and the compression is to find that balance point, I go back a little, but very lightly, my hands are at the service, my body is at the service of my hands, my whole body, my whole heart, my mind is at the service of my hands, however, what is very important is not to compress with your gaze. Some people are like that. Some people are so much like that, that at some point, I hit them, they fall asleep. It's about finding, it's called the technique, finding the right level, and that my mind, my attention, is open, very spacious. It's this balance between my B zone, and my internal fluid, I must find this right interference, so slightly compressed, and then I will ask, and at some point there would be a response that you will feel, it's what we call an EV4, that is to say it's as if instead of being there you will be able to open, and there it's this passage, this rebalancing between the extra-encephalic and intra-encephalic compartment vis-à-vis of Magendie.
I am inside the liquid.
And there, I arrive, and here, there is a hole.
Well, there, I can get out.
And I enter the extra-encephalic compartment.
There is liquid here too.
You are the brain, not really.
You see?
And so, it's a balance between this intra- and extra-encephalic.
And so, the eye, it's a balance between the environment,
intra and exterior of yourself.
And so, we are going to seek this state of balance
through a CV4,
a compression of the fourth ventricle,
until at some point,
there is a release for...
And there, you would have to be very attentive to do an EV4,
an expansion of the fourth ventricle
towards my B zone
to fill the space around.
It's a practice on its very first levels of concentration.
Because what's important is to see the eye as a liquid.
You will adjust together.
And this compression, at some point, you will have to do it for at least 7 minutes.
Until that moment, there is this inhalation phase.
The body, it will come out.
And it will have this expansion.
And in this expansion, I propose to you
to expand it throughout the B zone.
So, in the space around.
You have to have a bit of neutrality.
So, don't try to do it well, so to speak.
If you want to start doing it well,
already, you put yourself in your egoistic competition.
It's useless, it's just.
Try to be neutral and let go a little bit.
It can go quite fast, this notion of space
around us, and this notion of taking the person until they have their neutral.
Because it is the meeting of the two neutrals that creates a healing space.
Doctor Jealous, an American who still knew a little bit about the ancestors,
had to treat Becker.
And so he arrives for Becker and he starts to treat,
and then after that, a minute, Becker says "But what do you want?"
you do, nothing is happening there, he tells me but I am treating you. And
in fact, that's where Djalo says to himself,
I understood that there, in fact, the treatment in fact
began when I finished. And so we go too fast.
Let the process take its time to settle, let the room
settle, let the time
of neutrality. Often, in fact, the true
biodynamic therapeutic process begins
in fact when you have finished your treatment. It's a grip
where we take like that, so
you have to visualize this CV4, it's behind the cerebellum, so
I put myself at the level of just
below the space at the level of Ignon like this, it's a hand.
So what I like is to see here,
sometimes some people come to compress
completely the carotid arteries, be careful,
all of a sudden if they become
all blue, we stop.
So do not compress the carotid arteries,
so the thumbs are slightly loose
and I must try that
I myself am in a good position.
So if I'm a bit like that, I'm implying
another force, you see, you feel,
if I put myself like this,
there.
And in fact, a V4 fire, it's something that is worked with
your whole body.
It's not just my hands like that.
I position myself well, I have a good fulcrum here.
And I will seek with my own center of gravity, the
good position.
And when I go, look, I'm just going to go back.
Look what will be involved at the level of my hands, you feel.
And so I have to find
a balance between front, back, left, right, and I really
have to find my own center of gravity. And so it's first a CV4,
that's it, a CV4 like that. So it's a compression. So the
difference between
a compression, there I compress, and there I change. And
so I have to try to
find that right balance point.
with my own body and the compression is to find that balance
point, I go back a little, but
very lightly, my hands are at the service, my
body is at the service of my hands, my whole
body, my whole heart, my mind is at the service of my hands,
however, what is very important
is not to compress with your gaze.
Some people are like that.
Some people are so much like that,
that at some point, I hit them, they fall asleep.
It's about finding, it's called the technique,
finding the right level,
and that my mind, my attention,
is open, very spacious.
It's this balance between my B zone,
and my internal fluid,
I must find this right interference,
so slightly compressed,
and then I will ask,
and at some point
there would be a response that you will feel,
it's what we call an EV4,
that is to say it's as if
instead of being there you will be able to open,
and there it's this passage,
this rebalancing
between the compartment
extra-encephalic and intra-encephalic
vis-à-vis of
Magendie.